Meeting: IS1008b
============================================================

ProjectManager: Actually we gathering here to discuss about the functional design meeting. and we'll issue some information from all of you. And it's in the, I think, in the sharing folder. And I will invite the Christine and the Ed and Agnes to discuss about on the various subjects. the agenda of the meeting is opening. Then I'm going to talk about the project management,. and, of course, I'm doing the project management and secretary both,. to take the minutes of the meeting. And there are three presentations. One is new project requirements. And the second one about decision on remote control functions. And finally we are closing. and the meeting time will be forty minutes,. management come with the new proposal,. and I have to discuss a few points on this. both says new insights in the aim of your project. the one is the teletext becomes outmoded, okay because if because of the computer systems and the new technology. we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design. And the second one is about the remote control. Should be used only for the TV. And the third point, it's very very important to establish our marketing or corporate image, okay, with this new project or new product. I'll invite Christine to discuss about the functional design.

IndustrialDesigner: I I figured we should identify some user requirements,. and from my experience, I wanna, and from research I did, the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button,. Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them. since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product,. thought we better look at things that are popular. and ex go beyond those,. and then we might wanna talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in in the construction, especially in the the the outside of the product. I did a little history on the the remote controls. all these devices are examples of where they represent examples that are available today. which I think the one in the middle is really something to keep in mind. you could throw it at things. if if the TV didn't turn on and off, you could use it for something else. But I just took some different schematics. and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board. I I'm really thinking outside the box here,. and I think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference. So something that's very very flexible and inflatable. I think it could either be you could go either one extreme,. be very colourful,. or you could make it clear,. and kind of blend in with things,. I think it needs to be waterproof,. because sometimes they fall into cups. one of my requirements was about needs to tell you when it's done its job or not,. because half the time, I keep pushing on the remote control,. and I don't know if it's actually understood my message,. so I think it should give you some sort of an oral cue. And, course I never wanna replace the battery.

ProjectManager: If you can add other facility, other feature, like unbreakable. because especially today, you know, you have the family and the kids,. and the kids throw it. if you can add the feature, okay, for your fabric whatever in your outline design okay, with unbreakable,. I think that will give a lot of advantage for our product,

UserInterface: Do you have any preconceived ideas in terms of materials? 'Cause, for example, in the unbreakable thing, doing something plastic would be harder,. whereas having something like, I dunno, steel or titanium isn't really economically viable.

IndustrialDesigner: Titanium would be be heavy, too,. I wanted feedback,. but we'll see what your personal preferences are and your thoughts. I like titanium. nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is, so. It'd be hard to inflate something ou made out of titanium though.

ProjectManager: Because the last meeting we supposed to discuss about the financial thing. I know the project plan and the budget. I will I will send you a mail,. At the end of the day, the company wants to make at least the fifty million Euro. and of course the price will be very reasonable on the the sales side. that maybe Eddie will talk to you about how much the price. how much its cost for the manufacturing. and how much it's going to be we sell in the market. And I I have one maybe the suggestion or opinion. This remote control, okay, it can be for like universal, to use for any TV. and it will be slim,

IndustrialDesigner: Might be hard to find, though.

ProjectManager: But let's try it, okay, with the different the designs, okay, the functional designs.

MarketingExpert: From the marketing yeah, from the marketing side, just to to give an idea what the management is looking for, I was looking for a a remote control to have a s. I have a sales price of twenty-five Euro,. with a production price of twelve and a half Euro. For what I think from what we're trying to find, we're tr we're looking for, I don't think that price is exactly in the market. in the recent surveys, from the ages fr from fifteen to thirty-five, eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy. Twenty-five Euros, that's that's a preson reasonable price. Now if we're gonna take a risk, and push this up a bit, make it more expensive,. then it it could possibly sell. But, I think there's one other thing interesting two things that are interesting. is that from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group, which always spends more money on trendy new things, speech recognition is requested. And we're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote. Obviously, we can't make a remote into a computer,. but maybe simple commands. louder, softer, on, off. Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use. So we have to figure out a way of making it more user friendly. fifty percent say they can't find the remote half the time. So maybe one word speech recognition commands,. say remote, and there's a beep beep beep,. But, in the cost that the management is looking for, that's not gonna be possible. But if it's trendy,. if it's fancy,. it's got some colour to it,. if it's very easy easy to use,. if it's got simple remote speech remote control, like I said, louder, softer, change channel, on, off, remote, it goes beep beep,. I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset. So we're gonna have to look at it in a in this global idea, with the ideas of the industrial design. But, price obviously we have to talk about.

ProjectManager: What do you think about the design, what he was talking about of the speech recognition?

IndustrialDesigner: Training is always an issue with commands. we can perhaps do it if the user is willing to spend some time in the training process,. But anyway, I I think also that this might impact the battery life. maybe what we'll have to do is add something where you can recharge it wirelessly. or maybe set it out in the sun. and it, you know, gets, from the light, a a solar cell inside there

UserInterface: It seems also like with the speech recognition, yeah, it's a great feature,. but if you're watching TV, there's a lot of ambient sound,. so then you have to make sure that the speech recognizer is good enough to filter out the TV speech, and the the user's speech.

MarketingExpert: Because tha with speech recognition th I'm not that good at that idea. Because I think with speech recognition, if the the remote or like the telephone it has a exact word that it has to hear. I don't think it would come through a sentence in a television.

ProjectManager: What I can suggest to you, Christine,. if you need some the technical feedback, or some training, okay, about this facility, especially for the speech recognition, I can recommend you some companies like Intel or IBM,. because they're already in this speech recognition part,. and if you want, I can coordinate, okay, to get some information,. and you can let me know, okay, so what kind of the details you require okay, to add this feature in this project. we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop, apart from what today.

MarketingExpert: From from your side, you're gonna have to go back the management. and be more precise. What do they want? a risk, take a risk on the market? Something that's gonna cost more, but could very easily make a boom in the market? Because it has to be something totally different,

ProjectManager: But end of the day, you're the sales guy,. It's of course it's good to tell the management how much it's cost us. I don't mind to convince, okay, the management to spend some more money on the project, okay, if you can make out of. The management says, okay, so they they don't want certain facilities,. they want something new,. I think like speech recognit definitely they will agree,. And I hope I can convince the management on that,

UserInterface: The method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people don't like about existing products. So, in our case, existing remote controls. We seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad,. but when you look, technically, at how it works, sometimes that's not the case. Then we need to decide what functionalities we really want to keep,. and then what the remote control should look like,. in terms of the functionalities that we need, you obviously need to be able to turn the TV on and off. You need to change channels, both by directly going to a specific channel or by channel surfing. You need to be able to control the volume. and then control any menus on the TV to regulate contrast or whatever. the problems that people have expressed is that there's too many buttons on remote controls, in general. The buttons it's not clear what they're supposed to do. often, you need to know specific button sequences to get certain functionalities done,. which you don't necessarily always remember, especially if it's a functionality that you don't use very often. here we've got two examples. where here on the left-hand side, you can see a remote control that has lots and lots of buttons. The buttons, in a lot of cases, are tiny. but the labels don't necessarily tell you too much. Whereas, on the other side, you have a much simpler remote control. that I think basically has the minimum functionalities that are needed. And it sort of looks simpler and just less imposing when you first look at it. So, I would be inclined to go sort of towards this, in terms of design, rather than this. And if there's specific functionalities that require more buttons, then we can figure out how to do it with existing buttons. So my personal preferences are to keep the number of buttons to a limit, or to a minimum,. make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed, so like the on button being really obvious one, the channel changing and the volume,. and to keep the design basically sleek and simple.

IndustrialDesigner: Clearly your research and and ours heading in the same direction,. the only thing that I saw missing from your your research that we found was this ability to find the doggone thing when you need it. I also think that th the the feel of it is, when you hold it, is something that was expressed more in in in in my design. 'cause those are the parameters that an Industrial Designer's more thinking about, th th the look and the feel,

UserInterface: That's definitely a very important factor, especially to users who are gonna be buying the thing and then using it almost on an daily basis in a lot of cases, I think.

ProjectManager: For anybody need any help, for time being, on this subjects, okay, so please come back to me,. and Christine, maybe I can try to help you to get some the technical the companies. to help you for make a design slim,. and to add some features, like we are talking about, the speech recognition and all.

UserInterface: Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include,. 'cause we've thrown a lot of features onto the table,. do we actually want to incorporate all of them,. or have we missed anything?

IndustrialDesigner: Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide,. maybe that would provide some guidance? it says individual actions,. so I'm supposed to do the components concept,. supposed to work on the user interface concept,. and you're supposed to keep watching the trends. and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach. I think we should do as many features as start with all of them right now. and eliminate them later in the process,

UserInterface: I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away? I mean, it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features,. and if we spend that time and effort on features that we're not gonna use, maybe it's better to spend it on the thinking more about features that we actually do want,

IndustrialDesigner: I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting,. 'cause our meeting time has run out.

ProjectManager: What we'll do is now we'll take for lunch break,

