Meeting: IS1008c
============================================================

ProjectManager: For this meeting the main agenda okay to discuss about the conceptual design meeting. Okay and the agenda will be the opening. and the presentations from the Christine and Agnes and from Mister Ed. and we are to take a decision on the remote control concept and the functional design

IndustrialDesigner: We were looking he specifically at the components the following components,. the case, the power supply, the means of communications with the television set. In instance we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition,. you have to have microphone. well no you don't actually I haven't have to have microphone in the device,. it has to it has to hear the speaker. so it could be in the television set, could be in the device,. and a a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it's gets lost. Our method for going about this is we've looked at the histo hi historical record, what's worked, what hasn't. and then we also we wanted to evaluate some new materials. and we contacted manufacturing for their input. because, course, we might come up and choose the material that then manufacturing didn't have the technologies or capabilities to offer us,. So for the case, we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design. Course, you know, I wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable,. but that doesn't seem to be one of the choic non-option we can we can really seriously explore,. so then we were thinking about rubber,. but unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat factor. and th there might be some problems with the how it's goes with the board. and then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle it gets brittle after a while,. so we still had titanium and and wood available,. but unfortunately titanium's also been eliminated,. the people in manufacturing said that you couldn't make curved cases out of titanium,. nevertheless they've eliminated all of our options except wood. So then there's this other matter of the chips and well we could use a simple design on the board,. these simple chips, but that's only works for the bu you don't get very much intelligence with this simple one. And then there was the regular which. I regret that I've forgotten exactly why I'm eliminating that one. the other option was this advanced chip on print,. we found that it it includes this infrared sender,. which 'member the beam was that was an important component of finding the right chip. And manufacturing has told us that they've recently developed a a sensor and a speaker that would be integrated into this advanced chip on print,. now jumping right to our personal preferences. I I'd really think we should, you know, use some of some really exotic woods, like,. you know, well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods. I think that people will might really want to design their own cases,. and then they could submit their orders, kinda like you submit a custom car order, you know,. and then I think we should go with the solar cells as well as the microphone and speaker on the advanced chip. and my recommendations for the new remote control would be to have have it be made out of wood.

ProjectManager: Question,, what's mean exactly, advanced chip on print?

IndustrialDesigner: I think it's a multiple chip design. and it's maybe printed on to the circuit board. but I'll find out more at our next meeting.

UserInterface: Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material?

IndustrialDesigner: Because it gets brittle, cracks. we expect these these remote controls to be around for several hundred years.

UserInterface: I think with wood though you'd run into the same types of problems,. I mean it chips, it if you drop it,

ProjectManager: So so you're not convinced about the the wood, yes.

UserInterface: I think if you re if you use really good quality wood, then it might work,

MarketingExpert: The the only the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard, extremely hard wood,. Well, it's actually a very innovative different idea that you know you can choose your colour of wood, your type of wood.

UserInterface: One thing we'd have to check though is what the users whether how quickly the novelty wears off of having

IndustrialDesigner: You wouldn't wanna have to have splinters in your hand while you're using your

UserInterface: Have to see how kid-friendly it is and and all that,. So, it's a very short presentation,. 'cause I'm actually gonna draw you the layout on the board. I took the ideas that we were talking about last time and tried to put that into the remote control so the things that you can actually see on it are the on off switch, volume and channel control, the menu access button, ergonomic shape,. which I completely agree with Christine's idea to have it sort of molded, so it's slightly more ergonomic and comfortable to hold than the standard very straight remote controls. And actually the other thing with the wood if we take your customising idea, is that people can actually do sort of quasi-measurements on their hand size,. so if someone has larger hands, you have a wider remote control. So, that's actually a really good idea for customi customisability. one thing I thought might be kind of interesting is to put a flip screen on it, just like you have on flip phones,. so that you don't have this case where someone sits on the remote control or accidentally puts their hand on it,. especially if you have little kids around, they're not pressing the buttons while you're trying to watch a TV show and accidentally change the channel or turn it off. And also you had issues with the batteries running out,. so I thought maybe we could put a little battery life-light on it that kind of goes dimmer and dimmer and dimmer as your battery is starts to die. And in terms of invisible features, audio and tactile feedback on button presses and, like you said, speech recognition. You'd have something like this with an on-off switch fairly big,. sort of in the corner and by itself, so you don't accidentally turn your TV off while you're trying to manoeuvre other buttons. And then you have sort of one of those toggle displays for, oops, channels and volume, sort of for surfing channels and then volume,. so the volume would be the up and down, 'cause volume goes up and down and then channels left to right. And then here you'd have your sort of standard, telephonish number pad. and on the other side a way to turn off the voice control. so again you can have a little LCD light somewhere, the flip thing and. So, as you can see, it's a very very simple design,. which is one of the things I really wanted to keep, is keep it simple, not have too many buttons, not have too many functionalities thrown into it. although with the wood the flip screen might have to do something slightly different.

IndustrialDesigner: Be like a copper hinge or you know.

UserInterface: But you also have to start watching out for the weight,. 'cause depending on how much the the flip screen will add to the weight of the remote control, you don't want it to start getting too heavy. As you can see, there's still lots of space on the actual remote control. and if you do it customisably, you can make this thing fairly small or fairly large, depending on personal preferences. the centering of the key pad and the channel is just depending on where your thumb is. and you tend to use the the volume control and the browsing more than the actual number pad,. so that would be sort of in direct line of where your thumb goes when you are holding the remote control,. the number pad a little bit lower 'cause it's used less frequently. So once we decide exactly what we want, then we can figure out the exact positioning,

MarketingExpert: I also have a very simple presentation,. because for the marketing point you have to see what the consumers want. I also have copied a different type of remote. We've been giving simple questionnaires in different areas. because th obviously we have to see what the com consumers are looking for today,. 'cause trends change very very quickly. fancy and feel-good, that's what we've been looking for,. something that feels good in the hand, that's easy to use. Looking for next generation of innovation,. Easy to use, has always has become has become another major interest that,. And I think this is another thing that's interesting is the consumers actually willing to pay the price for exciting tel technology. The second two, you can see the last one is a very easy simple design. The second one, there is about forty-five thousand different buttons on it, which makes it fairly hard to read, very hard to use. The first one, I see that they put in a display. Now there's something else with the little flip-up, now we're adding all kinds of things in,. but with the little flip-up, if you have a little display on the flip-up that when you close it everything is locked. Maybe the display also makes it easier to use,

IndustrialDesigner: Context-sensitive instructions, depending on what the tel what mode the TV or the DVD or something else is in.

UserInterface: Especially you might need something like that for training the speech recognition and

MarketingExpert: So maybe if we can incorporate the easiness of use, trendy, fancy, feels good, with a display, wood, designer wood, designer colours

IndustrialDesigner: You know, maybe what you could do is when somebody orders the device id you could send them like a some sort of a foam rubber ball,. and then they would squeeze it, and it would take the shape of their hand.

UserInterface: But th for that you'd also have to do sort of an average across families and things like that if unless everyone has their own personal remote. Well, already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick.

MarketingExpert: It was Nokia that came out with this changeable colours. Right, you take it apart, and put on another face, take it off and put on another face. and then they sold millions, millions.

IndustrialDesigner: We'd also have to wor consider that who we were gonna get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes,. we might wanna learn about labour laws. You know in different countries and stuff wher so we can do it cheap,. but you don't wanna exploit labour in third world countries. So actually you could turn it turn around and say that you're par the reason the cost is high for the device is because you're paying a a working wage to the person who made the device.

ProjectManager: Yeah, but we can get a production in,, countries like,, India

MarketingExpert: We're here to design, come up with a nice product.

ProjectManager: But that that we can that we can talk about the production later, okay, depends on the the quantity, okay. So we don't need to have our own fabric factory or something,. but le let's decide first about the components concept and interface concept, okay,. And your design whether you want with the display or without display or just a simple, so

UserInterface: I mean I think it's a good idea,. but we need to really think about how useful it's gonna be. because theoretically with the TV you already have a big display right in front of you. So, if we're trying to keep costs down, then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go. I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for

IndustrialDesigner: Do you know how much it costs,, to to add a little display like this? Do you wanna take an action item to go find out?

MarketingExpert: Once we get a price on it then we can market it.

IndustrialDesigner: So the the advanced chip on print is what what we've we've deci we've determined. and the engineering industrial design is the recommendation,. and I think we've kinda come to some agreement regarding this concept of a wooden case. A customisable and

UserInterface: What about the buttons, would Would the buttons be wood too, or

IndustrialDesigner: I think they could be rubber like they are now,

ProjectManager: What we'll do is,, we will stick with the the simple design for time being. until th Ed find outs about the how much it's cost to the extra, in case we go for the display. maybe what you can do is, both of you, you can come up with the the prototype, okay, the model. Then meantime you can come up with the price, how much it's cost as extra for the display. An and the marketing strategy, that's very important, okay. So, by next meeting, so, please come up with the the prototype, okay,. then, then we can proceed from there.

